1. Create function "startProject" which creates a new Project.
2. To create a new project, we need a project name, two technologies, a team and a budget.
3. Technologies, team and budget need to be valid in order to provide a project.
4. Budget must be at least 100000 CZK.
5. A team consists of at least two SDE employees. 
6. An SDE empployee is recognized by his/her full name, email and position.
7. Both the full name and email of an SDE employee can be determined from their first and last names.
8. The full name of an SDE employee is the combination: first name + space + last name.
9. The email of an SDE employee takes the form: first name + dot + last name + at sde dot cz.
10. Every SDE employee in a team can be either a developer, a QA or a scrum master.
11. Each team must have at least one developer and one QA.
---
12. SDE specializes in the following technologies: web, mobile, IoT and backend development.
13. A project must always have two DIFFERENT technologies.
14. The only exception to previous rule is the combination of two mobile technologies.
15. The output project will have its name, list of requirements and list of bugs. 
16. It will also contain information about its initial budget, technologies and team.
17. Create a state machine which describes the individual steps in project lifecycle.
18. We start without a project. If sales manages to get a new contract, we start pre-project estimations.
19. If the pre-project discussion fails, we have no project.
20. If the pre-project discussion ends in an agreement, we start developing a new project.
21. The development may include adding new features or fixing bugs. The bug fixes are usually rare.
22. After successful completion and deployment of the project, we are again without a project and the cycle can start anew.
23. Prevent the state machine from providing invalid state transitions.
24. Add allowed functionality to individual states and transitions.
25. During the estimations phase, we should be able to add and remove team members.
26. Just before ending the estimations, we should validate the team, technologies and budget.
27. Based on the validation result, we either have and agreement, or a failed project.
28. During development we can add new features, report new bugs, complete features and fix bugs.
29. Before deploying a project, there can be no incomplete features and at most 2 unresolved bugs.
